COMMUNITY.md, before:

# Community

## Built with SeaORM

If you have built an app using SeaORM and want to showcase it, feel free to open a PR and add it to the list below!

### Startups

- [Caido](https://caido.io/) | A lightweight web security auditing toolkit
- [My Data My Consent](https://mydatamyconsent.com/) | Online data sharing for people and businesses simplified
- [Prefix.dev](https://prefix.dev/) | Conda Package Search, Environment Management and Deployment built for [mamba](https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba)  | DB: Postgres, SQLite
- [Spyglass](https://www.spyglass.fyi/) ([repository](https://github.com/a5huynh/spyglass)) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/a5huynh/spyglass.svg?style=social) | 🔭 A personal search engine that indexes what you want w/ a simple set of rules. | DB: SQLite
- [Svix](https://www.svix.com/) ([repository](https://github.com/svix/svix-webhooks)) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/svix/svix-webhooks.svg?style=social) | The enterprise ready webhooks service | DB: Postgres
- [UpVPN](https://upvpn.app) ([repository](https://github.com/upvpn/upvpn-app)) | Serverless VPN on WireGuard® | DB: SQLite, Postgres

### Open Source Projects

#### CMS

- [Backpack](https://github.com/JSH32/Backpack) | Open source self hosted file sharing platform on crack | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Dev Board](https://github.com/goto-eof/dev_board_api_rust) | A dashboard for organizing software development tasks implemented in Rust
- [Iron Guard](https://github.com/AfaanBilal/iron-guard-server) | An inventory management system HTTP REST API server built with Rocket and SeaORM | DB: MySQL
- [mediarepo](https://mediarepo.trivernis.dev) ([repository](https://github.com/Trivernis/mediarepo)) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Trivernis/mediarepo.svg?style=social) | A tag-based media management application | DB: SQLite
- [mugen](https://github.com/koopa1338/mugen-dms) | DMS written in 🦀 | DB: Postgres
- [OctoBase](https://github.com/toeverything/OctoBase) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/toeverything/OctoBase.svg?style=social) | A light-weight, scalable, offline collaborative data backend written in 🦀 | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Ryot](https://ignisda.github.io/ryot) ([repository](https://github.com/IgnisDa/ryot)) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ignisda/ryot.svg?style=social) | The only self hosted tracker you will ever need | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Wikijump](https://github.com/scpwiki/wikijump) ([repository](https://github.com/scpwiki/wikijump/tree/develop/deepwell)) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/scpwiki/wikijump.svg?style=social) | API service for Wikijump, a fork of Wikidot | DB: Postgres

#### Game
- [Ceobe Canteen Serve](https://github.com/Enraged-Dun-Cookie-Development-Team/Ceobe-Canteen-Serve) | A tool based on Arknights mobile game, using axum as web framework | DB: MySQL
- [KongYing Tavern Backend](https://github.com/kongying-tavern/genshin-cloud-rust) | The community map navigation tool for Genshin Impact | DB: Postgres
- [Pocket Relay](https://github.com/PocketRelay/Server) | Mass Effect 3 multiplayer private server emulator | DB: MySQL, SQLite
- [seichi-portal-backend](https://github.com/GiganticMinecraft/seichi-portal-backend) | Backend server(REST API) of [seichi-portal](https://github.com/GiganticMinecraft/seichi-portal) | DB: MySQL
- [thrpg](https://github.com/thrpg/thrpg) | Touhou Project's secondary creative games | DB: Postgres

#### Social
- [aeroFans](https://github.com/naryand/aerofans) | Full stack forum-like social media platform in Rust and WebAssembly | DB: Postgres
- [Crab Fit](https://crab.fit) [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GRA0007/crab.fit.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/GRA0007/crab.fit) | Align your schedules to find the perfect time that works for everyone. | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [JinShu](https://github.com/gengteng/jinshu) | A cross-platform **I**nstant **M**essaging system written in 🦀 | DB: MySQL, Postgres
- [Portfolio](https://github.com/admisio/Portfolio) | Encrypted high school 🏫 admissions service | DB: Postgres, SQLite
- [THUBurrow](https://github.com/BobAnkh/THUBurrow) | A campus forum built by Next.js and Rocket | DB: Postgres
- [playa](https://github.com/whizzes/playa) | 🏖️ Decentralized Social Platform powered by Rust and Whizzes Contributors

#### Bots
- [bulbbot-gw](https://github.com/TeamBulbbot/bulbbot-gw) | The gateway code for the Discord bot Bulbbot | DB: Postgres
- [Fikabot](https://github.com/sousandrei/fikabot) | A slack bot to schedule coffee breaks (Fika in swedish) in slack channels | DB: MySQL
- [remindee-bot](https://github.com/magnickolas/remindee-bot) | Telegram bot for managing reminders | DB: SQLite
- [SophyCore](https://github.com/FarDragi/SophyCore) | Main system that centralizes all rules, to be used by both the discord bot and the future site | DB: Postgres

#### Crypto
- [MoonRamp](https://github.com/MoonRamp/MoonRamp) | A free and open source crypto payment gateway | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Oura Postgres Sink](https://github.com/dcSpark/oura-postgres-sink) | Sync a postgres database with the cardano blockchain using Oura | DB: Postgres
- [RGB Lib](https://github.com/RGB-Tools/rgb-lib) | A library to manage wallets for RGB assets | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Sensei](https://github.com/L2-Technology/sensei) | A Bitcoin lightning node implementation | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite

#### Dev Tools
- [CodeCTRL](https://codectrl.authentura.com) ([repository](https://github.com/Authentura/codectrl)) | A self-hostable code logging platform | DB: SQLite
- [Crosup](https://github.com/tsirysndr/crosup) | Quickly setup your development environment on your Chromebook/ChromeOS or any Linux distribution 🐧 ❄️ 💻 🚀 ✨ | DB: SQLite
- [CyberAPI](https://github.com/vicanso/cyberapi) API tool client for developer. | DB: SQLite
- [nitro_repo](https://github.com/wyatt-herkamp/nitro_repo) | An OpenSource, lightweight, and fast artifact manager. | DB: MySQL, SQLite
- [Orca](https://github.com/workfoxes/orca) | An No-code Test Automation platform using Actix, SeaORM, React. runs on the desktop and cloud | DB: Postgres

#### System
- [Email view tracker](https://github.com/friedemannsommer/email-view-tracker) | Simple web UI to create tracking URLs for HTML emails. | DB: MySQL, Postgres
- [LLDAP](https://github.com/nitnelave/lldap) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nitnelave/lldap.svg?style=social) | A light LDAP server for user management | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [RSS aggregator](https://github.com/fistons/rss-aggregator)| A small RSS aggregator and API using Actix Web and SeaORM | DB: Postgres
- [ruuth](https://github.com/outurnate/ruuth) ([repository](https://github.com/outurnate/ruuth)) | A simple nginx auth_request backend providing MFA and lockout mechanisms | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [snmp-sim-rust](https://github.com/sonalake/snmp-sim-rust) | SNMP Simulator | DB: SQLite
- [Wikipedia Speedrun](https://wikipediaspeedrun.com) ([repository](https://github.com/hut8/wikipedia-speedrun)) | Finds shortest paths between Wikipedia articles | DB: SQLite

#### Url Shortener
- [Dinoly](https://github.com/ippsav/Dinoly) | An url shortener using Axum web framework and SeaORM | DB: Postgres
- [SlashURL](https://github.com/henriquekirchheck/slashurl) | A url shortener using Rust designed to be implemented anywere | DB: PostgreSQL
- [url_shortener](https://github.com/michidk/url_shortener) | A simple self-hosted URL shortener written in Rust | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite

#### Desktop / CLI Apps

- [pansy](https://github.com/niuhuan/pansy) | An illustration app using SeaORM, SQLite, flutter. runs on the desktop and mobile terminals | DB: SQLite
- [todo-rs](https://github.com/anshulxyz/todo-rs/) | A TUI ToDo-app written in Rust using Cursive library and SeaORM for SQLite | DB: SQLite
- [Warpgate](https://github.com/warp-tech/warpgate) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/warp-tech/warpgate.svg?style=social) | Smart SSH bastion that works with any SSH client | DB: SQLite

#### Audio and Music

- [Deaftone](https://deaftone.org) ([repository](https://github.com/Ortygia/Deaftone)) | Lightweight music server. With a clean and simple API | DB: SQLite
- [Music Player](https://github.com/tsirysndr/music-player) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tsirysndr/music-player.svg?style=social) | An extensible music server written in Rust 🚀🎵✨ | DB: SQLite

#### Embedded

- [rj45less-server](https://github.com/pmnxis/rj45less-server) | A simple unique number allocator for custom router | DB: SQLite

### Programming Libraries

- [logic-lock](https://github.com/nappa85/logic-lock) | MySQL logic locks implemented over sea-orm | DB: MySQL
- [sea-orm-adapter](https://github.com/ZihanType/sea-orm-adapter) | Sea ORM adapter for casbin-rs | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [symbols](https://github.com/nappa85/symbols) | A proc-macro utility to populates enum variants with primary keys values

### Frameworks

- [actix-admin](https://github.com/mgugger/actix-admin/) | An admin panel for Actix Web built with Tera, HTMX and SeaOrm | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [awto](https://github.com/awto-rs/awto) | Awtomate your 🦀 microservices with awto | DB: Postgres
- [poem_admin](https://github.com/lingdu1234/poem_admin) | An admin panel built with poems, SeaORM and Vue 3. | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Quasar](https://github.com/Technik97/Quasar) | Rust REST API using Actix Web, SeaORM and Postgres with Svelte Typescript Frontend | DB: Postgres
- [tardis](https://github.com/ideal-world/tardis) | Elegant, Clean Rust development framework🛸 | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [ZAPP](https://zapp.epics.dev) ([repository](https://github.com/EpicsDAO/zapp)) | ZAPP is a serverless framework made by Rust. Quickly build a scalable GraphQL API web server.

### Scaffolding

- [actix-react-starter-template](https://github.com/aslamplr/actix-react-starter-template) | Actix Web + SeaORM + React + Redux + Redux Saga project starter template | DB: Postgres
- [Adta](https://github.com/aaronleopold/adta) | Adta is **A**nother **D**amn **T**odo **A**pp, fun little side project | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Axum Book Management](https://github.com/lz1998/axum-book-management) | CRUD system of book-management with ORM and JWT for educational purposes | DB: MySQL
- [BookStore](https://github.com/AfaanBilal/bookstore) | A bookstore manegement system HTTP REST API using Rocket, SeaORM and JWT. | DB: MySQL
- [crud-rs](https://github.com/onichandame/crud-rs) | A framework combining async-graphql and SeaORM
- [http-api-rs](https://github.com/daniel-samson/http-api-rs) | Template project for creating REST API's in rust with swagger ui
- [oxide_todo](https://github.com/TheAwiteb/oxide_todo) | RESTful Todo built with Actix, swagger-ui and SeaORM, tested by rstest. | DB: SQLite
- [Rust Async-GraphQL Example: Caster API](https://github.com/bkonkle/rust-example-caster-api) | A demo GraphQL API using Tokio, Warp, async-graphql, and SeaORM | DB: Postgres
- [rust-juniper-playground](https://github.com/Yama-Tomo/rust-juniper-playground) | juniper with SeaORM example | DB: MySQL
- [service_auth](https://github.com/shorii/service_auth) | A simple JWT authentication web-application | DB: Postgres
- [Super Toolbox](https://github.com/atopx/toolbox) | micro-service best practices: use go-gin and rust-tonic | DB: mysql

## Learning Resources

If you have an article, tutorial, podcast or video related to SeaORM and want to share it with the community, feel free to submit a PR and add it to the list below!

- A video course on Axum and SeaORM: [Youtube Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrmY5pVcnuE-_CP7XZ_44HN-mDrLQV4nS), [GitHub Code](https://github.com/brooks-builds/full-stack-todo-rust-course/tree/main/backend/rust/axum) by [
Brooks Builds](https://github.com/brooks-builds)
- Async GraphQL with Rust: [Part 1](https://konkle.us/async-graphql-rust-1-introduction/), [Part 2](https://konkle.us/async-graphql-with-rust-part-two/), [Part 3](https://konkle.us/async-graphql-with-rust-part-three/) by [Brandon Konkle](https://github.com/bkonkle)

Commit message:

add sero to COMMUNITY.md (#1935)

COMMUNITY.md, after:

# Community

## Built with SeaORM

If you have built an app using SeaORM and want to showcase it, feel free to open a PR and add it to the list below!

### Startups

- [Caido](https://caido.io/) | A lightweight web security auditing toolkit
- [My Data My Consent](https://mydatamyconsent.com/) | Online data sharing for people and businesses simplified
- [Prefix.dev](https://prefix.dev/) | Conda Package Search, Environment Management and Deployment built for [mamba](https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba)  | DB: Postgres, SQLite
- [Spyglass](https://www.spyglass.fyi/) ([repository](https://github.com/a5huynh/spyglass)) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/a5huynh/spyglass.svg?style=social) | 🔭 A personal search engine that indexes what you want w/ a simple set of rules. | DB: SQLite
- [Svix](https://www.svix.com/) ([repository](https://github.com/svix/svix-webhooks)) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/svix/svix-webhooks.svg?style=social) | The enterprise ready webhooks service | DB: Postgres
- [UpVPN](https://upvpn.app) ([repository](https://github.com/upvpn/upvpn-app)) | Serverless VPN on WireGuard® | DB: SQLite, Postgres

### Open Source Projects

#### CMS

- [Backpack](https://github.com/JSH32/Backpack) | Open source self hosted file sharing platform on crack | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Dev Board](https://github.com/goto-eof/dev_board_api_rust) | A dashboard for organizing software development tasks implemented in Rust
- [Iron Guard](https://github.com/AfaanBilal/iron-guard-server) | An inventory management system HTTP REST API server built with Rocket and SeaORM | DB: MySQL
- [mediarepo](https://mediarepo.trivernis.dev) ([repository](https://github.com/Trivernis/mediarepo)) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Trivernis/mediarepo.svg?style=social) | A tag-based media management application | DB: SQLite
- [mugen](https://github.com/koopa1338/mugen-dms) | DMS written in 🦀 | DB: Postgres
- [OctoBase](https://github.com/toeverything/OctoBase) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/toeverything/OctoBase.svg?style=social) | A light-weight, scalable, offline collaborative data backend written in 🦀 | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Ryot](https://ignisda.github.io/ryot) ([repository](https://github.com/IgnisDa/ryot)) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ignisda/ryot.svg?style=social) | The only self hosted tracker you will ever need | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Wikijump](https://github.com/scpwiki/wikijump) ([repository](https://github.com/scpwiki/wikijump/tree/develop/deepwell)) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/scpwiki/wikijump.svg?style=social) | API service for Wikijump, a fork of Wikidot | DB: Postgres
- [sero](https://github.com/clowzed/sero): Host static sites with custom subdomains as surge.sh does. But with full control and cool new features. DB: Postgres

#### Game
- [Ceobe Canteen Serve](https://github.com/Enraged-Dun-Cookie-Development-Team/Ceobe-Canteen-Serve) | A tool based on Arknights mobile game, using axum as web framework | DB: MySQL
- [KongYing Tavern Backend](https://github.com/kongying-tavern/genshin-cloud-rust) | The community map navigation tool for Genshin Impact | DB: Postgres
- [Pocket Relay](https://github.com/PocketRelay/Server) | Mass Effect 3 multiplayer private server emulator | DB: MySQL, SQLite
- [seichi-portal-backend](https://github.com/GiganticMinecraft/seichi-portal-backend) | Backend server(REST API) of [seichi-portal](https://github.com/GiganticMinecraft/seichi-portal) | DB: MySQL
- [thrpg](https://github.com/thrpg/thrpg) | Touhou Project's secondary creative games | DB: Postgres

#### Social
- [aeroFans](https://github.com/naryand/aerofans) | Full stack forum-like social media platform in Rust and WebAssembly | DB: Postgres
- [Crab Fit](https://crab.fit) [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GRA0007/crab.fit.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/GRA0007/crab.fit) | Align your schedules to find the perfect time that works for everyone. | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [JinShu](https://github.com/gengteng/jinshu) | A cross-platform **I**nstant **M**essaging system written in 🦀 | DB: MySQL, Postgres
- [Portfolio](https://github.com/admisio/Portfolio) | Encrypted high school 🏫 admissions service | DB: Postgres, SQLite
- [THUBurrow](https://github.com/BobAnkh/THUBurrow) | A campus forum built by Next.js and Rocket | DB: Postgres
- [playa](https://github.com/whizzes/playa) | 🏖️ Decentralized Social Platform powered by Rust and Whizzes Contributors

#### Bots
- [bulbbot-gw](https://github.com/TeamBulbbot/bulbbot-gw) | The gateway code for the Discord bot Bulbbot | DB: Postgres
- [Fikabot](https://github.com/sousandrei/fikabot) | A slack bot to schedule coffee breaks (Fika in swedish) in slack channels | DB: MySQL
- [remindee-bot](https://github.com/magnickolas/remindee-bot) | Telegram bot for managing reminders | DB: SQLite
- [SophyCore](https://github.com/FarDragi/SophyCore) | Main system that centralizes all rules, to be used by both the discord bot and the future site | DB: Postgres

#### Crypto
- [MoonRamp](https://github.com/MoonRamp/MoonRamp) | A free and open source crypto payment gateway | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Oura Postgres Sink](https://github.com/dcSpark/oura-postgres-sink) | Sync a postgres database with the cardano blockchain using Oura | DB: Postgres
- [RGB Lib](https://github.com/RGB-Tools/rgb-lib) | A library to manage wallets for RGB assets | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Sensei](https://github.com/L2-Technology/sensei) | A Bitcoin lightning node implementation | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite

#### Dev Tools
- [CodeCTRL](https://codectrl.authentura.com) ([repository](https://github.com/Authentura/codectrl)) | A self-hostable code logging platform | DB: SQLite
- [Crosup](https://github.com/tsirysndr/crosup) | Quickly setup your development environment on your Chromebook/ChromeOS or any Linux distribution 🐧 ❄️ 💻 🚀 ✨ | DB: SQLite
- [CyberAPI](https://github.com/vicanso/cyberapi) API tool client for developer. | DB: SQLite
- [nitro_repo](https://github.com/wyatt-herkamp/nitro_repo) | An OpenSource, lightweight, and fast artifact manager. | DB: MySQL, SQLite
- [Orca](https://github.com/workfoxes/orca) | An No-code Test Automation platform using Actix, SeaORM, React. runs on the desktop and cloud | DB: Postgres

#### System
- [Email view tracker](https://github.com/friedemannsommer/email-view-tracker) | Simple web UI to create tracking URLs for HTML emails. | DB: MySQL, Postgres
- [LLDAP](https://github.com/nitnelave/lldap) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nitnelave/lldap.svg?style=social) | A light LDAP server for user management | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [RSS aggregator](https://github.com/fistons/rss-aggregator)| A small RSS aggregator and API using Actix Web and SeaORM | DB: Postgres
- [ruuth](https://github.com/outurnate/ruuth) ([repository](https://github.com/outurnate/ruuth)) | A simple nginx auth_request backend providing MFA and lockout mechanisms | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [snmp-sim-rust](https://github.com/sonalake/snmp-sim-rust) | SNMP Simulator | DB: SQLite
- [Wikipedia Speedrun](https://wikipediaspeedrun.com) ([repository](https://github.com/hut8/wikipedia-speedrun)) | Finds shortest paths between Wikipedia articles | DB: SQLite

#### Url Shortener
- [Dinoly](https://github.com/ippsav/Dinoly) | An url shortener using Axum web framework and SeaORM | DB: Postgres
- [SlashURL](https://github.com/henriquekirchheck/slashurl) | A url shortener using Rust designed to be implemented anywere | DB: PostgreSQL
- [url_shortener](https://github.com/michidk/url_shortener) | A simple self-hosted URL shortener written in Rust | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite

#### Desktop / CLI Apps

- [pansy](https://github.com/niuhuan/pansy) | An illustration app using SeaORM, SQLite, flutter. runs on the desktop and mobile terminals | DB: SQLite
- [todo-rs](https://github.com/anshulxyz/todo-rs/) | A TUI ToDo-app written in Rust using Cursive library and SeaORM for SQLite | DB: SQLite
- [Warpgate](https://github.com/warp-tech/warpgate) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/warp-tech/warpgate.svg?style=social) | Smart SSH bastion that works with any SSH client | DB: SQLite

#### Audio and Music

- [Deaftone](https://deaftone.org) ([repository](https://github.com/Ortygia/Deaftone)) | Lightweight music server. With a clean and simple API | DB: SQLite
- [Music Player](https://github.com/tsirysndr/music-player) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tsirysndr/music-player.svg?style=social) | An extensible music server written in Rust 🚀🎵✨ | DB: SQLite

#### Embedded

- [rj45less-server](https://github.com/pmnxis/rj45less-server) | A simple unique number allocator for custom router | DB: SQLite

### Programming Libraries

- [logic-lock](https://github.com/nappa85/logic-lock) | MySQL logic locks implemented over sea-orm | DB: MySQL
- [sea-orm-adapter](https://github.com/ZihanType/sea-orm-adapter) | Sea ORM adapter for casbin-rs | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [symbols](https://github.com/nappa85/symbols) | A proc-macro utility to populates enum variants with primary keys values

### Frameworks

- [actix-admin](https://github.com/mgugger/actix-admin/) | An admin panel for Actix Web built with Tera, HTMX and SeaOrm | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [awto](https://github.com/awto-rs/awto) | Awtomate your 🦀 microservices with awto | DB: Postgres
- [poem_admin](https://github.com/lingdu1234/poem_admin) | An admin panel built with poems, SeaORM and Vue 3. | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Quasar](https://github.com/Technik97/Quasar) | Rust REST API using Actix Web, SeaORM and Postgres with Svelte Typescript Frontend | DB: Postgres
- [tardis](https://github.com/ideal-world/tardis) | Elegant, Clean Rust development framework🛸 | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [ZAPP](https://zapp.epics.dev) ([repository](https://github.com/EpicsDAO/zapp)) | ZAPP is a serverless framework made by Rust. Quickly build a scalable GraphQL API web server.

### Scaffolding

- [actix-react-starter-template](https://github.com/aslamplr/actix-react-starter-template) | Actix Web + SeaORM + React + Redux + Redux Saga project starter template | DB: Postgres
- [Adta](https://github.com/aaronleopold/adta) | Adta is **A**nother **D**amn **T**odo **A**pp, fun little side project | DB: MySQL, Postgres, SQLite
- [Axum Book Management](https://github.com/lz1998/axum-book-management) | CRUD system of book-management with ORM and JWT for educational purposes | DB: MySQL
- [BookStore](https://github.com/AfaanBilal/bookstore) | A bookstore manegement system HTTP REST API using Rocket, SeaORM and JWT. | DB: MySQL
- [crud-rs](https://github.com/onichandame/crud-rs) | A framework combining async-graphql and SeaORM
- [http-api-rs](https://github.com/daniel-samson/http-api-rs) | Template project for creating REST API's in rust with swagger ui
- [oxide_todo](https://github.com/TheAwiteb/oxide_todo) | RESTful Todo built with Actix, swagger-ui and SeaORM, tested by rstest. | DB: SQLite
- [Rust Async-GraphQL Example: Caster API](https://github.com/bkonkle/rust-example-caster-api) | A demo GraphQL API using Tokio, Warp, async-graphql, and SeaORM | DB: Postgres
- [rust-juniper-playground](https://github.com/Yama-Tomo/rust-juniper-playground) | juniper with SeaORM example | DB: MySQL
- [service_auth](https://github.com/shorii/service_auth) | A simple JWT authentication web-application | DB: Postgres
- [Super Toolbox](https://github.com/atopx/toolbox) | micro-service best practices: use go-gin and rust-tonic | DB: mysql

## Learning Resources

If you have an article, tutorial, podcast or video related to SeaORM and want to share it with the community, feel free to submit a PR and add it to the list below!

- A video course on Axum and SeaORM: [Youtube Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrmY5pVcnuE-_CP7XZ_44HN-mDrLQV4nS), [GitHub Code](https://github.com/brooks-builds/full-stack-todo-rust-course/tree/main/backend/rust/axum) by [
Brooks Builds](https://github.com/brooks-builds)
- Async GraphQL with Rust: [Part 1](https://konkle.us/async-graphql-rust-1-introduction/), [Part 2](https://konkle.us/async-graphql-with-rust-part-two/), [Part 3](https://konkle.us/async-graphql-with-rust-part-three/) by [Brandon Konkle](https://github.com/bkonkle)
