examples/jsonrpsee_example/README.md, before:

# jsonrpsee with SeaORM example app

1. Modify the `DATABASE_URL` var in `.env` to point to your chosen database

1. Turn on the appropriate database feature for your chosen db in `Cargo.toml` (the `"sqlx-sqlite",` line)

1. Execute `cargo run` to start the server

2. Send jsonrpc request to server

```shell
#insert
curl --location --request POST 'http://127.0.0.1:8000' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{"jsonrpc": "2.0", "method": "Post.Insert", "params": [
    {
        "id":0,
        "title":"aaaaaaa",
        "text":"aaaaaaa"
    }
], "id": 2}'

#list 
curl --location --request POST 'http://127.0.0.1:8000' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "Post.List",
    "params": [
        1,
        100
    ],
    "id": 2
}'

#delete 
curl --location --request POST 'http://127.0.0.1:8000' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "Post.Delete",
    "params": [
        10
    ],
    "id": 2
}'

#update
curl --location --request POST 'http://127.0.0.1:8000' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "Post.Update",
    "params": [
        {
            "id": 1,
            "title": "1111",
            "text": "11111"
        }
    ],
    "id": 2
}'

```

Commit message:

Demonstrate how to mock test SeaORM by separating core implementation from the web API (#890)
* Move core implementations to a standalone crate

* Set up integration test skeleton in `core`

* Demonstrate mock testing with query

* Move Rocket api code to a standalone crate

* Add mock execution

* Add MyDataMyConsent in COMMUNITY.md (#889)

* Add MyDataMyConsent in COMMUNITY.md

* Update MyDataMyConsent description in COMMUNITY.md

* Update COMMUNITY.md

Chronological order

* [cli] bump sea-schema to 0.9.3 (SeaQL/sea-orm#876)

* Update CHNAGELOG PR links

* 0.9.1 CHANGELOG

* Auto discover and run all issues & examples CI (#903)

* Auto discover and run all [issues] CI

* Auto discover and run all examples CI

* Fixup

* Testing

* Test [issues]

* Compile prepare_mock_db() conditionally based on "mock" feature

* Update workflow job to run mock test if `core` folder exists

* Update Actix3 example

* Fix merge conflict human error

* Update usize used in paginate to u64 (PR#789)

* Update sea-orm version in the Rocket example to 0.10.0

* Fix GitHub workflow to run mock test for core crates

* Increase the robustness of core crate check by verifying that the `core` folder is a crate

* Update Actix(4) example

* Update Axum example

* Update GraphQL example

* Update Jsonrpsee example

* Update Poem example

* Update Tonic example

* Cargo fmt

* Update Salvo example

* Update path of core/Cargo.toml in README.md

* Add mock test instruction in README.md

* Refactoring

* Fix Rocket examples

Co-authored-by: Amit Goyani <63532626+itsAmitGoyani@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Billy Chan <ccw.billy.123@gmail.com>

examples/jsonrpsee_example/README.md, after:

# jsonrpsee with SeaORM example app

1. Modify the `DATABASE_URL` var in `.env` to point to your chosen database

1. Turn on the appropriate database feature for your chosen db in `core/Cargo.toml` (the `"sqlx-sqlite",` line)

1. Execute `cargo run` to start the server

1. Send jsonrpc request to server

```shell
#insert
curl --location --request POST 'http://127.0.0.1:8000' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{"jsonrpc": "2.0", "method": "Post.Insert", "params": [
    {
        "id":0,
        "title":"aaaaaaa",
        "text":"aaaaaaa"
    }
], "id": 2}'

#list
curl --location --request POST 'http://127.0.0.1:8000' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "Post.List",
    "params": [
        1,
        100
    ],
    "id": 2
}'

#delete
curl --location --request POST 'http://127.0.0.1:8000' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "Post.Delete",
    "params": [
        10
    ],
    "id": 2
}'

#update
curl --location --request POST 'http://127.0.0.1:8000' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "Post.Update",
    "params": [
        {
            "id": 1,
            "title": "1111",
            "text": "11111"
        }
    ],
    "id": 2
}'

```

Run mock test on the core logic crate:

```bash
cd core
cargo test --features mock
```
